1) What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    
        It puts a .git folder in my directory.
        This allows me to put commits, and eventually be able to record its history.
        I'm also assuming that you need to do this to be able to share your work with other people!  

2) How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

        You can use git status to check the files that are on the staging area to make sure it's all the same.  Also I 
        do belive you can use git diff --staged to check changes to files in the staged area!

3) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

        If I wanted to make different difficulties of a game.  I could use branches to keep different versions of a game.
        I could have experimental branches test a new idea out.  I could use different branches for to make the game work
        for different languages.

 4)  How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

        It really helps layout exactly what commits can be reaches, and helps you understand the detatched head warning.

 5) What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

        You end up with a master branch with all the commits that were added on.
        The diagram is represented that way because it is an accurate representation of what happens during the merge.
        It also helps you understand what commits are reachable, and where.

6) What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

        Pros
        - Automatic merg: It's easier, takes less time.
        
        Cons 
        -  Automatic merg : Obviously can lead to more mistakes and bugs.

        Pros 
        - Manually merg: It's more efficent, and you have less bugs.  You get to decide what code you, or your
        team want to decide upon.  It would achieve your goals more cleanly.

        Cons 
        - Manually merg: Obviously it can be tedius, and it can seem like obvious decisions.  It 
        takes extra time.  You have to actually look at, and fix your own code.  Makes you think, and not just
        rely on a mindless state of mind.

    